Justice World Tour with special guest Jaden Eddie Benjamin_ harryhudson OfficialMateo
Justice World Tour 2022International tickets on sale on Friday
RT TheWavexr JustinBieber has landed on the metaverse 11.18 21 6PM PT 9PM ET BieberWave Register now
RT The WaveXr Countdown to Bieber Wave Only 4 more days until just inbieber reaches the metaverse LIVE111821 6PM PT 9PM ETSIG
RT TimHortons Tims x Justin Bieber Coming Soon Timbiebs, Canada and U.S. UU.
I love you my brother Usher
Thank you DaveChappelle for inviting me the other night in Minneapolis, what a night
BieberWave 111821 18:00 p.m. PT Sign up for TheWavexr Register
This is my brother DevotayLordrums You're such an amazing person you inspire me every day
Rory Kramer
Ryanzohoury Tesla TeslaCarga BLKMDL3 We are awaiting approval of Santa Monica's permit
FutureistesLa michaelromose spurtmagoo Sarahk Silverman Sensanders I like to dig my grave very deep
michaelromose spurtmagoo Sarahk Silverman Sensanders Exactly
business Burry is a broken watch
wapodavenport The hard work of the FAA US Fish amp Wildlife and Texas Parks amp Wildlife is highly appreciated, as well as strong local support from Cameron County and Brownsville South Padre
BillyM2K Normal money is actually a bunch of old mainframes running cobol in batch mode, where the government can edit the money database whenever you want it
Paul 49787221 mooroobee his risky sensors exactly
Pathole TeslaOwnerSV Kristennetten ItsallArrisky Sensanders Yes, that is the other important source of dilution. All employees receive shares after one year at Tesla and we now have more than 100,000 employees worldwide.
MyAlteredego Kedarus College Chef 1 Joeyt Parker Sensanders That lagoon seems questionable
TeslaOwnersSV Kristennetten, all risky sensanders I had majority control for the first 5 years or so of Tesla, but car companies need a lot of capital, so now I'm around 20 years, despite putting everything I could on the road.
My God, I love my fans so much, it's crazy, I think I'll cry the rest of the day Best day praised to the Lord, can I get a freed amen Britney AbbyShalawylo?
I feel your hearts and feel mine so much that I know it's true
FreeBritney Movement I have no words for you and for your constant resilience to free me from my guardianship, my life is now in that direction. I cried last night for two hours because my fans are the best and I know it.
Getting back on my feet after my trip to French Polynesia A great place
Don't worry, folks, just taking a little break from social media to celebrate my engagement, I'll be back soon.
Pssss, this is me celebrating horseback riding and cartrolling today FreeBritney
Coming friends coming New with real representation today I feel GRATITUDE and BLESSED Thanks to my fans who support me. You have no idea what it means for me to be supported by such incredible fans that God bless you all.
Going back to the 2000s, when everything was simpler before social media. Should I bring these outfits back, PS, I copied Reese Witherspoon?
We all have our own ways of working on our bodies and I respect that because we should all hope we won't see an InnOut burger soon.
Like last night, when I ate a bowl of peanuts and then it hit me, it might look better, but I felt too vulnerable in my skin being so small, I didn't like it, so I started boxing, so now I feel stronger too.
My brother forever

I bought this vintage vinyl player for the crib I love it, but it needs to be restored. Can anyone in Los Angeles help me? His name is Clairtone g2


These are a WONDERFULLY BEAUTIFUL man.
Congratulations young king LJ_era8
Do what you do and turn on that joint
dimeel 81smallz Hahaha Small
RT Sean_Lyric to King James, my student said he was responding to the film of never uninterrupted hard space: The Springhillco
KANYE 2024
I VOTED
KANYE 2020

The first vote of my life We are here to serve We pray for all the servant leaders of the world
KEEP BELIEVING KANYE 2020 Thank You Jesus Christ
Favos
Let's cure Let's heal
God is so good Today I am going to vote for the first time in my life for the President of the United States and it is for someone I really trust me
I channel Will Ferrel when I'm at daddy's daughter's dance
The RIH ISSUE copies these exclusive limited edition color vinyl product sets before dey gon pre-order now on
Today's children will never know what vinyl is, they said: the RI problem
holiday san about to be extra aftistheSavage

D S 4
the Gunnaz
RT SavagexFenty AYE RihannaNavy where in We Need OUR HELP TO snatch trophies which is Vote for SAVAGEXFENTYSHOW VOL
if you woke up late this for you
yerrrrr SavageXfenty
What is another word for Savage RIHLENTLESS, is it giving the SavageXfenty PrimeVideo marketing team a lot of luck?
The first version of All Too Well 10 min was at the AMC 13 theater in front of 400 fans. We recorded the acoustic performance, so now we can experience it all together. It's available here.
The reddest video ever came out now Directed by blakelively who destroyed it just as I broke this cake
SURPRISE NEW MUSIC VIDEO TOMORROW AT 10AM ET I finally got to work with the brilliant amplifier brave evil fun blakelively on his directorial debut Join us as we make a toast and a little hell
Loving him was Redd.
It's the 13th and I'm going to play in nbcsnl tonight with presenter Jonathan Majors

I can't start expressing my gratitude to Sadie and Dylan for giving us everything they had to tell this story: “All Too Well”. The short film is available on YouTube and is screened all week at the AMC 13 theater in New York.

At any time, 20 minutes until the short film premiere too well the short film
I'M TOO BAD
DaxShepard has a new celebrity crush and KristenBell approves
5The second rule has a way to reveal what everyone is really thinking KristenBell Dax-Shepard Thank you Sponsor
We're taking the week, KristenBell, DaxShepard.
Happy birthday, Kai, you're one of a kind.
Happy birthday JimmyKimmel Moments like these are one of the many reasons why we all love you so much
RT ohBubble It's a difficult step to sit in this car seat, thank you very much benandlex19 via IG
Happy birthday to the man whose arms feel at home RyanGoSling
OliviaMunn prepares for motherhood
Proof that Kathryn Hahn could turn anything into a podcast
WNBA champion Candace_Parker is a leader on and off the basketball court
Data on student outcomes can help institutional leaders and policymakers better understand the economic value schools offer students. This new tool makes data publicly available, a critical step towards a more equitable higher education system.
Poverty and the world's major global health problems are closely related. By improving one, we can move towards the solution of the other.
The effects of climate change are affecting many aspects of our lives As we work to minimize its effects, we are also working to improve global health. However, ending malaria must and must happen faster.
No one can be an expert in all things at once To end malaria or any disease leader around the world needs to work together for sustainable progress
I recently had the opportunity to meet 36 amazing graduate students working to end malaria. These are some of my favorite questions they asked me
To meet the greatest global health challenges, all countries must have access to vaccines and other health innovations. This 150 million commitment from the foundation and AIDS will help low- and middle-income countries obtain the essential supplies they need.
I recently met 36 notable graduate students who made me more optimistic than ever that we can end malaria
Thank you very much to Yoyo_ma for helping us highlight the Great Challenges of Global Health and for this beautiful performance with Chris Karp's own foundations doors. It's always fun to find out that your colleague has hidden talent.
Setting concrete goals is a critical first step in solving any problem. I am impressed by JohnDoerr's approach to identifying key goals and results needed to track our progress on climate.
COVID-19 will not be the last pandemic threat facing the world. I talked to the GrandChallenges community about the ambitious innovation agenda we need to end this crisis and be prepared to respond to the next
RT Trolls Parties Are Better Together Tune in to the new animated special DreamWorks Trolls Holiday in Harmony On NBC 11
only bops
RT billboardcharts This week top 5 on the Hot100 15 years ago today October 14, 2006Graphic datado1 jtimberlake sexyBack2 Ludacr

RT beatclub Find out why jtimberlake wanted to join Beatclub
LOVE SUMMER OH OK
FutureSexLove Sounds Timbaland
steph_bubblegum
FutureSexLoveSounds TOP 3 GO
heybrain_ feel like
The new cohort of African leaders from the Obama Foundation will help unlock the continent's incredible promise. I look forward to supporting your work and continuing your travels.
Young people like JackHarries and our Obama Foundation leaders are using their platforms to pressure the world on climate change. As we move forward with the Glasgow Pact, we must listen to and honor our commitments to protect our planet and ensure a better future.
This Veterans Day I want to share the story of Tom Voutsoss. He served in the United States Marine Corps and has continued to live a life dedicated to public service. Through LadderUphousing, you are helping working people buy their own home.
We thank each veteran and his family for their service and sacrifice to our country
Speaker Pelosi and these members of Congress were making it clear that the United States has returned and will continue to lead the road to climate change. We would not have met our Paris goals without them and now they are working to do even more.
Young people are more at stake in the fight against climate change than anyone else. I had the opportunity to talk to some young people who are helping to lead the fight and they couldn't be more impressed by their courage, creativity and persistence. They give me hope.
If you care about climate change, JohnDoerr's new book Speed amp Scale An Action Plan to solve our climate crisis Now offers concrete steps we can all take to make a difference.
Therefore, if we are going to act on the scale that is required, climate change cannot be considered another opportunity to score political points. We need everyone, and young people in particular have the opportunity to make a real difference.
But, once again, progress is partial. Most nations have not been as ambitious as they should be, and the escalation of ambition we expected in Paris six years ago has not been done uniformly.
The good news is that countries around the world recognize that this is a decisive decade if we want to avoid a climate disaster and are setting important goals for 2030. They have also promised to help countries move away from fossil fuels and address the effects of climate change.
Spotify Vivalatino
Whether you're with friends getting ready for a date night or getting ready for the holidays, there's always a reason to celebrate: Catch new episodes of Selena Chef on hbomax.

Repeat after me mise en place hbomax
Check out the new cozy holiday collection in my store
There's always a reason to celebrate All new Selena Chef episodes are being broadcast on hbomax
21:60 That is the number of lives that are lost every day by suicide all over the world. Also why rarebeautys RareImpactFund is supporting didihirsch to raise awareness about suicide and funding for training for youth suicide prevention Join AliveTogether
This game would have been a lot more fun if it were just happy halloween treats
RT CCHate New Washington Post Article Reveals Facebook Backward Aggressively Against Our Dozen Disinformation Report Despite

This is the cold machinery of the death penalty in the United States. In just over two weeks, an innocent man could be killed. My heart is broken by Julius and so many others who have suffered a tragic error of justice.
At 9pm on the day before his execution, JuliusJones telephone privileges will be terminated and you will receive your last meal. It will be reviewed every 15 minutes during the last four hours of your life. Then he will be sentenced to death.
On Thursday, the Inspector General will obtain the corpse bag and label from the medical examiner's office and all witnesses of the execution will be selected next week, restrict access to the unit where Julius is housed, and conduct checks on the equipment.
Like all incarcerated persons put to death by the Oklahoma Department of Corrections, Julius-Jones organs are not eligible for donation. The staff who will manage his execution are being selected and trained to put him to his death.
The state is so committed to revenge that they will do everything possible to make sure they get Julius killed, including reviving him if he turns out to be in cardiac arrest before execution
Julius is being closely monitored by the staff every meal he has and every liquid he consumes is recorded. Your personal property has been catalogued and you have designated who will receive them after being sentenced to death. You have also designated who will receive your remains.
It has been registered in strips, stripes, and issued a new set of bedding, shoes, mattress
I want to share with you what is the execution process in Oklahoma like JuliusJones has been watching death for more than 2 weeks. In preparation for his execution on November 18, he is alone in his prison cell a few meters from the executioners chamber.
Julius, his family and all the members of his team are still hopeful that Stitt will do the right thing. Today, the Julius family and their close friends received invitations to their execution, I can not even imagine how everyone should feel right now.
You may choose to accept the second time recommendation of the Probation Board to grant Julius ClemenCyLife w the possibility of parole or to be executed on Thursday 18
A doctor of heart always Great gesture from my colleague DrBhagwatkarad



Appearance from the Airshow in Sultanpur
Smooth connectivity and greater comfortThe Purvanchal Expressway will transform eastern UP and economic progress throughout this region
Inauguration of the Purvanchal Expressway
Addressing the program to mark audits
Tomorrow is a special day for the growth path of Uttar Pradesh At 1:00pm the Purvanchal Expressway will open. This project brings with it multiple benefits for UPS economic and social progress.
Tomorrow at 10.30 AM will participate in the program to mark the first Audit Diwas Audit Diwas seeks to highlight CAG's rich contributions to boost transparency and good governance.
New York
I cried all day doing press in Milan, I am very grateful and humble to be at our cinema house in Gucci, which is coming Thanksgiving, Father Son and tonight, Haus de Versace.
ScarletenVynyc I love you legend
I've loved Britneyspears all her career. I admired her, admired her strength, empowered so many people and still couldn't be happier for you today. You never deserved what happened Thank God 4 today you are a superstar and a superhuman being.
RT HouseOfGuccimov This Thanksgiving Day, escape your family drama and join ours Grab your family amplifier friends, it's almost time to watch House
Stream now on Facebook Watch and find ways to channel kindness to yourself and others on
In honor of World Goodness Day, meet a powerful group of young people by joining the BTW Foundation, DralFiee and me in a conversation about goodness, mental health and the strong connection between them.
Gucci House
WELCOME TO CASA GAGA New luxury formulas designed to celebrate Italian Glam The complete collection is now available on hauslabs amp Amazon
Look at my lifeIn search of 19 of my looks over time with the British vogue
RT NBC TheVoice Don't forget there's an Instant Savings vote tonight, TheVoice
rembeautyexperience thanks instagram for the most incredible immersive launch celebration, I never leave rembeauty
rembeauty chapter 1 ultraviolet finally available now I can't wait to see what beautiful humans create with these products and how they inspire you to express yourself, I love you, so finally welcome to the world of rembeauty
RT rembeauty was officially in orbit rembeauty chapter one is now available in
RT remobeauty get ready to take off chapter one will be yours tomorrow at 6:00am pst
RT rembeauty 6am post 9am est
RT Team Ariana The nbcthevoice live shows start tonight Get ready to vote for TeaMariana on the Voice app
RT KchenOweth, I'm not sure if I've ever been so proud since the first day I met you, you were destined for this role Congratulations.
RT idinamenzel Congratulations to two amazing women May change their lives for the better forever and forever as he has done for us So much love
RT rembeauty one week
It is for Portugal and the Portuguese that we want to score one more time at the World Championship and is the Portuguese força de Portugal and the two Portuguese who are going to finish We have our support for Rumo in Qatar 2022
Many parabens princess do papa that has a happy day meu amor
On the day is always an extra felicidade when stou de volta ao meu country
Play the game Zujugp's Kungfu Dash Top scorers win the chance to meet me online in a few weeks Ate BreveWriting the future of football Kung Fudash
Boost my performance with Herbalife24 Cr7drive
and we will do everything possible to achieve our goals We are RED DEVILS MUFC champions

Hard work is the only way to victory No shortcuts to glory, no pain, no gain

Yes The Theatre of Dreams is on fire We are alive We are a united man and we never give up This is Old Trafford
GORREBELS HOT AND TODDY
saving daylight is a daytime terror for parents late, but it is still relevant
I mean justice for Thanksgiving, but if you're already in the vibes of winter wonderland, why not turn it into a CHRISTMAS VERY PERRY CHRISTMAS Cozy LittleMerch Christmas Christmas vinyl littleMerch is now available plus an exclusive red vinyl bb for amazon?
Productive 37 so far, the commercial amplifier from EllenShow did it w lukebryan ran to kindness w Orion Jean received a dose of optimism from Michael JWoodard to stay in hope that he would dance full as a couple of million people were watching Celebrate my bday w me review our TV listings
Starting today, Gap will donate 1 per Spotify broadcast of my version of the song featured in Gap's announcement up to $100,000 to support baby2baby's mission of providing basic essentials to children living in poverty across the country to listen to help.
From folding sweatshirts in Santa Barbara Gap to 20 years later starring in a Christmas campaign directed by Mark Romanek, dreams come true. And Gap is also helping make dreams come true for baby2baby
MichaelJWoodard is on it again his new song “hope full” is now available on unsubrecords Listen to some of that glass half full optimism
year 20 is underway and mom isn't here to play
It's time for the rest of Pikachus's friends to lead the uploadThe Pokemon25 album is now available, PS, also features my friend cynthialovely. I have to listen to them all
not this poor baby


The girl you have to invite 2 to the party or not is an impromptu shooting party 2 minutes after meeting myleshendrik for gucci LACMA

By the way, you don't want to know what he was talking about, Hails amp Billie.
Regards lizzo
T lizzo tits
It's not true, I didn't have anything, I had the radio in Marilyn Monroe.
gucci LOVE PARADE
Scentuality FloraFantasy Gucci InterviewMag
Last Chance to Buy Sephora Christmas Event Use Code YAYHOLIDAY
RT ChristelJlover This is so nice I can't really wait for MarryMemovie to come out. I literally scream over my lungs ri
RT Jlomybff I'm encouraged to see MarryMemovie, it looks amazing and I'm absolutely obsessed with On My Way JLo
RT ejloxara OMFG I'M SO EXCITED THIS LOOKS SO GOOD I CAN'T WAIT ANY MORE JENNIFER LOPEZ I LOVE YOU SM MARRYMEmovie Jlo
Every Heartbreak Was a Yellow Brick Road in MyWay Marry Memovie Trailer Thursday Nuyorican Productions Owen Wilson maluma egt239 Marry Memovie
Time of Glow in Vegas JLOBeauty
RT SonyMusicLatin Write down the date to watch the official trailer for MarryMeMovie This November 18th jlo MALUMA Owen Wilson Mar
On My Way is coming to you soon Presalve now
RT gloriajlover jLo Spotify I'm streaming I love this playlist I love you jLo
RT UNIVERSAL PICSAU KEEPS THE DATE 1911/2021
RT lizzo ADELE BETTA SING THAT SONG
Quentin and Ashley loved your proposal now in front of millions. May your life together be filled with all the great JOY of this moment AdeleOnnightOnly
Let's hear it for the ladies in white suit those beautiful back-up singers AdeleOneNight Only.
adele had us in hello lizzo what concert will we go to next AdeleOneNightOnly
Join us AdeleOneNightOnly
carlyewisel Yes, my to the Sally Lapointe team for overtime work
Today you will have a front row seat for their songs and their truth Adele One Night Only is broadcast tonight at 8 pm PT 8:30pm ET on CBS.
The same thing, he said he just wanted a deep and healthy explanation of the last six years of his life, and that's exactly what you'll get with this concert special.
I was excited to meet Adele for the first time in history and I'm glad he's as real amplifier on earth as we think he is. Before any interview, I asked my guest for his intention for our conversation, I went to see Adele while preparing at my guest house to ask him the
Get ready for a spectacular evening The voice The songs The stories The truth Adele One Night Only is broadcast tomorrow, November 14 at 8pm PT830 EST on CBS
jermainedupri silksonic

ufc blessed MMA panteraufc ESPN PLUS INCREDIBLE
You just posted a video

YOOOOOOOOOOO ALBUMS OUT EVERYWHERE A NIGHT WITH SILKSONIC LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
dance
Silksonic tonight
MOOD 2 DAYS LEFT THE RECORD IS YOURS LETSILKSONICTHRIVE
November 12 LetSilkSonicThrive Pre Order here
RT OvoSound KNIFE TALK Video drake ft 21wild amplifier ProjectPathCP
RT OvoSound Majid Jordan WILDEST DREAMS Album Available Worldwide Now Majidjordan
RT majidjordan Our third studio album WILDEST DREAMS is now available Thank you for your love, your patience and for joining us on this day
night owl sound fry yiy fridays CERTIFIED edition right now on Sound42 2AM EST melody in the guest mix by me
RT AppleMusic Drake headed his own album CertifiedLoverboy is now the biggest album debut ever on Apple Music, beating recreational
CLUB
RT AppleMusic Breaking Single-Day Albums, Drake is now the most broadcast and certified artist Loverboy is the most broadcast album
SXY 2 VIDEO OUTPUT NOW
RT SIRIUSXM Anyone else has CLB repeated all night Listen to album songs all weekend for free on Drakes Sound42
RT OvoSound CERTIFIED LOVER BOY AVAILABLE WORLDWIDE
Love on tour Glendale AZ
RT Pleasing The first drop in the history of Pleasing Perfect Pearl is now available for presale in limited quantities Find your Pleasing ht
Find your liking
Love On Tour San Jose CA
Love on tour Sacramento CA
Love On Tour Portland OR
Love on tour Tacoma WA
HARRYWEEN New York NY II
HARRYWEEN New York NY I
Love On Tour Atlanta GA II
8 days after the release of True Story on netflix starring myself amp wesleysnipes Brace, damn it, is about to download TrueStory
You just posted a video
Megatron just caught me on a bad day BamBam must have greased football with his nasty fingers New episode of CabSeason5 only on the LolNetwork watch on YouTube ColdAsBalls
Lil Swole is in the yard. Today I got the most out of the fableticsmen Hustlehart.
I had a lot of fun working with the iconic Catherine O'Hara on Chase Freedom Unlimited Shopping's first Christmas campaign can add up quickly. That's why I make the most of my Christmas shopping by reimbursing money that way. I always win when buying gifts, ChasePartner.
Check out what's happening this holiday season My SamsClub acquisition plan is in full effectBecome a manager Name Change Takeover Social And I just started, make sure you stay tuned for more kevinsclub to bring merry
Listen to people this week at ComedyGoldminds margaret_cho and I'm talking about getting high with snoopdogg. Don't miss this, damn it, take a look everywhere, listen to podcasts.
Catherine Ohare amp Thank you for all the incredible comments of the love amplifier you've given us since our chase holiday commercial more to come soon stay tuned Chase
True Story comes to netflix on November 24th You've never seen me like these people I promise to mark the date on our calendarsThis series is Dope as Fuck TrueStory
LilSwag
They're going to smell the Kush and the studio everywhere.
I have to go to school in 2 hours hahaha
I'm awake early writing and recording with my girl group.
And Ty is also cold like fucc.
My favorite bass players in no order Thundercat Flea Bootsy Collins
RT wizkhalifa New WK merchandise just dropped
McQueen VF
The new WK merchandise has just dropped
RT TayLorgang OUT NOW Belaire amp McQueen by krishollis_ listen now on all platforms taylorgang Mc
Don't forget to send your votes for the 2021 people election prizes To vote for me, retweet this or send a tweet with competition contestant Wizk Halifa You can vote up to 25 times a day.
The tour is going to be special. I've been waiting a long time for this
RT LTHQOfficial We can't wait to find out more please contact
Amazing concert last night and incredible crowd dmasmusic
LovingTommo28 This is amazing. What a legend, smart boy
I hope everyone does it well wrote really exciting things in the last few days
The Lathums love this
Louist91Spain samfendermusic I bet Aye is good live
Another bulletproof album by Sam fender Go and listen to Smashed it lad samfendermusic
ltpovs wallshours Celeste
fearlessxotb wallshours Totally is a top tune
It was exciting to create Breezys Cosmic Crunch. I wanted to create something that my fans could enjoy while giving them something they could save and collect forever. I also encourage me to meet some of my fans. Who will win the video call?
Honored to be a finalist at BBMas 2021 Don't miss the Billboard Music Awards LIVE on Sunday, May 23 at 8pm et5pm PT on NBC BBMA
GograzyRemix VIDEO WORLD PREMIERE
TeamBreezy Go Crazy Remix video premiere in 60 minutes Join the waiting party here
RT jackharlow already best friends chrisbrown OUT NOW
TeamBreezy Check out the Go Crazy Remix that appears on the Melodies amp playlist of Rap Bars on TIDAL
Go Crazy Remix is on the spotify rapcaviar playlist Listen here
RT torylanez FEEL THE MUSIC VIDEO NOW CHRISBROWN AND I HAVE A BANGER ONE OF MY FAVORITES TO DATE ARE READY FOR PL
Check out Go Crazy Remix in the AmazonMusic Rotation playlist now
Go Crazy Remix available everywhere now young thug 1 future mulatto lildurk
Announced Five New Initiatives That Will Help Protect the Dignity and Sovereignty of Tribal Nations
The bipartisan infrastructure agreement will modernize our ports, airports and our freight railways to make it easier for companies to market products. It will reduce the supply chain bottlenecks you are currently experiencing and reduce costs for you and your family.
The Bipartisan Infrastructure Agreement makes the most significant investment in roads and bridges in the last 70 years, the most significant investment in passenger rail in the last 50 years and the most important investment in public transport in the history of our nation.
My message to the American people is that the United States is moving again and its life will change for the better thanks to the Bipartisan Infrastructure Agreement
From the moment I entered the White House, I promised that I would be president of all Americans and make sure that our democracy meets all of you. Signing the Bipartisan Infrastructure Agreement is a monumental step towards building better as a nation.
The Bipartisan Infrastructure Agreement makes historic investments in our infrastructure to rebuild our roads and bridges, provide clean water and high-speed Internet, modernize our electricity grid and help the transition to a clean energy economy.
I have just signed the Bipartisan Infrastructure Agreement together with members of Congress from both sides. This is a historic investment in our future that will create well-paying jobs and rebuilding our nation's infrastructure. It's a huge victory for the American people.
Seventeen Nobel Prize-winning economists said Build Back Better will alleviate long-term inflationary pressures and reduce costs for American families. We can do it.
RT POTUS This morning FLOTUS and I are participating in a Tribal Nations Summit here at the White House, I hope to announce
American families across the country face rising costs of everything from gas to food. The Build Back Better Act will reduce costs for health care, child care and elderly and cut taxes for the middle class.
Congratulations to Senatorleahy for his long productive service on behalf of Vermont and America Our country is best for his time and Marcelles in the government senator Wishing him the best and most appearances of Batman in his well-learned retirement.
Ben Affleck Trace Eellis Ross Eric Holder me and you join us on December 7 to talk about one of the most important battles to preserve our democracy, end gerry's partisan command and what you can do with everything online and forward together to help
RT aijenpoo New announcement released today recalling the promise to vote yes this week it is time to spend building better Act now HouseDemocra
There was certainly a lot of laughs. I'm glad you enjoyed it, Carol.
Today, millions of families will receive their Children's Tax Credit and breathe a little easier When Congress passes the Better Reconstruction Act, as it must, this investment in our children and families will become permanent. Make sure your representatives hear from you.
Thank you, it was quite relaxing
These particular high-risk situations are imaginary, but they were written with love for the many women who take over in such situations in real life.
HumaaEdin New York Times bestseller So excited, so many are listening to your story straight from you. Everyone else receives this excellent book
To all who have worn the proud uniforms of the United States, thank you for your service and sacrifice Sending you gratitude and my warmest wishes this Veteran DayPhoto US Air Force Aerman Senior Nichelle Anderson
The only thing that irritates misogynists is that women keep talking about truths yesterday at WeMeanBusiness21
THIS ENERGY EVERY DAY RESHORE IN CASE YOU NEED A REMINDER
Billie I have Sister Eilish Big Love Keep ShinInSuper proud of you. Do you want to meet me at the Stu and get a song in KEYS billieeilish?
Get your look ready. Are you about to enter the universe of The KEYS? Not Containing Announcing Upcoming Locations Soon This program is completely out of stock But follow me on Community on 917 970 2001 and you could get some free tix for the other programs.
Here's what I've been dreaming of bringing these One Night Only shows to YOU. We took care of The illustrious Apollo in NYC TONIGHT 1111 These shows are so special to me. Everyone will be different, I'm so excited to see you.
Superwoman vibrations
Thank you Marie Claire for the double cover of the United States and UK in celebration of my double album KEYS out 1210
Gen Gen We filled up that Monday Motivation I hope you feel it too.
KEYS December 10 I never imagined making a double album on two sides of each song, 2 different zones. There's something so liberating about this, I'm looking forward to you hearing it. It will take you to alternate universes. The metaverse KEYS
If I gave you diamonds and pearls, would you be a happy boy or a girl if I could, I would give you the world, but all I can do is offer you my love Prince Big Love to GLAMOUR_DE keyssoulcare KEYS
He could have resorted to the weapon or the knife, but by then he had chosen the cameraChoiceOfWeapons, an original HBO documentary about the legendary photographer GParksFound and the influence it had on a new generation of artists will be released on November 15 at 22h on hbomax.
Join me and please sign GTGT Petition Link gtgt is a LetsReset 6ft solidarity of the charity filmtv
I'm sending you so much love waiting for you to be well and as happy as you can be in these strange times. And again thanks to everyone who works so hard to keep us safe and well E Xx
In the meantime, please assume that no news from me means that I am going through the pandemic in silence the way most people don't make sourdough bread taking care of my loved ones and doing everything possible not to spread a virus that is still affecting so many people.
If I have news, I promise I'll share it with you.
Dear fans, Rumors about whether or not I am engaged or if my career is dormant or not are ways to create clicks every time it is revealed that they are true or false
Three lessons from Adrienne Maree Browns Emergent Strategy Colorlines
RT disneyplus Watch the new Brown Skin Girl music video by Beyonce BlackIking is broadcasting on Di
RT Goodonyou_app You asked what we hear Discover ethical and sustainable clothing brands owned by BIPOC from around the world
RT TIMESUPNOW For the third time in US history, a woman will be a candidate for vice president of the major party. We won't let the media be sexist educated
RT gaytimesmag Polish opposition parliamentarians coordinated their attire on Thursday to create a rainbow flag for President Andrz


It was also the first time my son saw me perform and I've never been so nervous in my life, I hope you like to tune in tonight at 8:30 p.m. Met 8pm (Pacific Time) on CBS x
Having been on a roller coaster in recent years and then the pandemic, it was hard to imagine being on stage singing again. So the fact that I got to sing and sing my new songs makes me feel a million things at a time.
The most beautiful place I've ever played. Thank you to everyone who made Oprah possible for allowing me to tell my truth with love in a safe space. Everything was pretty overwhelming, I've seen it twice and screamed my eyes both times.
Morning

It's all smoke and mirrors Here are all the bloopers of the Easy On Me video
ITV November 21
Oiii IIIIIIIIIIIPre sale in
RT ShawnAccess Shawn Covers Man About Towns FW21 Issue Available to Order Now on Shot by Alex Harper
Today I am handing out my Instagram to Leahtommi's incredible environmental justice advocate and founder of isxenviro, Shell, will give us an internal look at the different events that took place at COP26 in Glasgow in recent days.
RT shawnfoundation We ask you to listen to us, young people are begging you to take actionJoin shawnmendes and UNDP
I miss them guys

RT shawnfoundation This weekend the 16th UN Youth Conference on Climate Change was held in Glasgow Youth delegates met to present
RT shawnfoundation Wonder Grantee Diana Chao of L2SmentalHealth joined shawnmendes on the set of A Wonder Concert amp Conversation to talk
The amazing fantaratty4 Someone I love amp admire A year ago I saw a video of Fanta amp she brought me to cry I'm so proud Fanta was the first receiver of the Shawnfoundation Wonder Grants amplifier who joined me for this Thank you Fanta you're magical
From A Wonder Concert amp Concert Conversation Watch now on messenger and instagram and get tickets for my tour on
I'm so excited to be able to share this incredibly shocking night with you, amp, I'm very grateful to those who came together for powerful conversations. You can watch A Wonder Concert amp Concert Conversation now on messenger amp instagram or
RT mtvema barbz did vote his little fingers for nickiminaj our 2021 winner Best HipHop
I love it
Super Bass Diamond

BarbieTingz archives
The drive by the drivein lmao
What team are you on for this meeting Lmk rq Rhop b4 I spk?
Ummmm
The first part of the 4-part meeting for RHOP STARTS NOW IN BRAVO
Ooh, yeah, bish himself
dad brought us matching rings
RT kyliecosmetics Our new Kylash and Kybrow false eyelash kits are here. The new Kylash false eyelashes are perfect for recreation
kylie cosmetics
RT kyliecosmetics Our NEW clean vegan loose fit powders are available now. You'll love this new silky and weightless formula
I just dropped my new clean and vegan powders kyliecosmetics
lip samples of my nightmare in the elm street lipspray game
RT kelseyooud KylieJenner Just bought the full collection
RT Rayanne Ourke Kylie Jenner Kylie Cosmetics Kylie Cosmetics A Nightmare on Street Elm
MY NIGHTMARE IN ELM STREET COLLECTION NOW LIVES IN HAPPY HALLOWEEN
one hour is missing
Hilarious riffage Mr. Johnson ShrimpJaj Your impression is impeccable Wasting time with Eternal Sunshine made me laugh hard Have fun with Brandon on SNL P
Getting lost in your thoughts can make you forget that grace is always there holding your hand.
I love the way you do Emmy trust help
Thank you, Kaustav, it was an honor for me to send a massive dose of love back to you
The effect we have on the other is the most valuable currency that there are Tweets like yours, make me a rich man Juan Spank, kindly.
Congratulations to Lorne Michaels Steve Higgins, Colin, Jost Alec Baldwin, Maya Rudolph, Dave Chappelle, the Foo Fighters and all the wonderful cast writers and the NBCSNL team on the Emmy victory last night. It will be an honor for me to have always played a small D role
During the filming of Man On The Moon Norm, MacDonald came to join me as Andy Kauffman for lunch on the real porch of the Psycho house in Universal and was frightened by another famous NormanLong live Norm MacDonald.
My dear friend Norm MacDonald died after a brave 10-year battle. It was one of our most precious jewels. An honest and brave comedy genius, I love him.
Thank you, Kanishka, I am honored by your sweet drawing, I hope the rest of your life will be a big winning streak.
Great Debian Drawings Thank you so much for sharing your talent and affection. It is gratifying for me to listen to my work and the words have had a positive influence on your life Sssgood
Ed is nominated for three awards this year NRJHitMusically Awards Vote for him in the categories International Male Artist of the Year International Song of the Year and Clip of the Year before this Friday
Equals pieterkuijtenteddy is the only 1 smithalliej
Coming Soon x PokemonGoxedSheeran
Who played it best ameliadimz
I sat down with cthagod for cthashow to talk about eltonofficial is a fan of DevLinOfficial and gucci1017 Check out the rest on YouTube now XRepost teddysphotos on Instagram
The duet we needed Ed playing Fix You with coldplay on o2sbe
What night does Ed perform Overpass Graffiti in the live mtvemas from Budapest
Thanks mtvema and Los40 big weekend XRepost teddysphotos on Instagram
Tonight Ed performs at the tuning mtvemas from 8:00 p.m. GMT live from Budapest mtv
Eighty thousand singing with me Six years ago Jumpers for Goalposts Live was released at Wembley Stadium. Was anyone at one of Wembley's three shows?
algorithmalbum comes out this friday 11:19
RT RockTheBells: I just signed Benny The Butcher and he is one of the toughest rappers in Buffalo, New York, SnoopDogg, we said.
I'm going to take 2 years to pass that worm to my neffew tylerxhobbs goodmode.
I heard we see you there right after Chiefs Raiders, I'm on PeacockTV with TonyGonzalez88
my son C_Broadus21
RT snoopsrapempire Time to shine
I have that worm that gets it later.
Pro Football Hall of Famer TonyGonzalez88 is crashing the party with me Check out PeacockTV Sunday Night Football Final Stream it after SNFONNBC only on Peacock


RT 35Ventures One of the best new series of the year THR Have you seen Swagger still New episode now streaming on Apple TV htt?
New etcs available now
Boardroom RT In a new ETCs, KDTrey5 bansky joins Charles Barkley as he talks about his career against the current NBA securing the
RT NBAontNT The King of NBatWitter x the guy who has never tweeted KDTrey5 x Chuck Tonight at 7pm ET on TNT
Goin dummi as always Jamorant
I think it's time.
let's get it PhilaUnion
RT bansky Ask and you will receive the full episode of the ETC with me KDTREY5 and Issarae and his silly ass MELODYEHSANI x Laury
NGO Crazy
Boardroom RT At the premiere of the second season of Out Of Office w richkleiman, Lakers owner JeanieBuss talks about Kobe Bryants' deceased wishes
Mintmobile You don't have to worry, you've definitely made me look crazy
I was at AntiQuesRoadShow. I haven't been this star hit since I got on an elevator with Johnny Cash back at 99 RedNotice RoadShowPBS Maximum Effort.
Choice of triple rate people My eyes are spitting
WOW RedNotice is Netflix's biggest opening day for a movie Congratulations to all this team. Can't wait for the Red Notice Taylors version
Tomorrow's Game on RedNotice | Netflix Film
This is chaos
When you walk the dog and the phone rings, you answer it
To be fair, my mother uses my OnlyFans account
TheRock GalgaDot Next time we could have this conversation privately Or maybe through a subtweet, I'm putting you on RedNotice too
CBC/Stephenquinn, that's my right arm, on which he's lying.
RT IATSE We fight to ensure that the most powerful media corporations on the planet treat the film and television workers who produce their
Let's fix this so that we can keep making beautiful movies together I love you guys, I'm next to you, hate, Solidarity.
So this happened in Dubai now playing Dubai presents visit dubai jessicaalba
It's always getting me out of trouble DubaiPresente jessicaalba
Guess where jessica alba is coming soon
She drives, I choose the playlist coming soon jessicaalba
Wow I never expected this and so grateful. A HUGE thank you to Daytime, Emmy's Netflix and our little but powerful crew who made this show what it is and, above all, thank you all for watching and enjoying D2E This is for you.
That's a summary of the fire starter movie, I can't wait for them to see this blumhouse ryankarmstrong.
Meet Andy McGee firestarter brendanmeadows
Feel so grateful for these daytime Emmy nominations so proud of this show and love the whole team behind DTE netflix
I am very proud of these young leaders who are working to leverage their leadership skills, connect with each other and have a greater impact across Africa. The work they are doing could not be more important, Barack, and I will encourage these Obama leaders.
So I'd love to hear from you today Answer and share your own I'm becoming a story and let me know what you've discovered about you. I can't wait to hear from you.
I can't believe it's been three years since Becoming launched, I'm grateful for every person who read my memoir book and shared their own, I'm becoming a story with me, whether in person on the book tour or here on social media. I loved hearing you think about your travels.
Today and every day I couldn't be more grateful for the extraordinary service and commitment of our countries, troops, veterans and their families. I hope we can all find a way to return all those who have given us so much VeteransDay.
Happy CelebrateFirstgen Day I'm so proud that all students work to get their education, I know it can be difficult, but remember that you're never alone. Many of us are here, taking root and that includes me.
You nailed it absolutely, it looks like Ada Twist.
I love this. This is exactly why we created Ada Twist Scientist through Higher Ground to inspire young budding scientists like yours to experiment for themselves, waiting for her to make some great discoveries.
RT When WhenallVote I haven't voted there is time yet Find your polling place in After voting go to
Vote in person or leave your ballot for when polls close Go to find your polling place
Today is Election Day From the city council and governor's mansion to the school board and courts, state and local elections can have a profound impact on your daily lives. So if your city or state has elections today, make sure your voice is heard by voting.
It's always a great day to be a WildCat DavidsonCollege DavidsOnMBB TCC
Last Chance to Vote
smartthrob Very honestly The best I've seen in my life
Team Curry brendan UAN Winters Upcoming Hoops UanExt TB Hoops UA Basketball Let's Get It
Everyone has jokes, carmax. Since you've seen the rest it's time to show you the StephCut
Bay Area Join ayeshacurry and me to celebrate 10 local organizations with bold ideas to help rebuild the community on google.org Impact Challenge Help shape the future of the Bay by casting your vote for the organization that inspires you most
Go back to the start of something GOOD CurryBrand
Thank you kaiawrite Do you need more stories like this focused on honoring and celebrating the strength of black women literati fame will love it to remain undervalued?
RT DavidsOnMBB TCC Cats Are Wild
RT eatlearnplay Congratulations to our co-founder ayesha curry for being named 1 of the 50 forbesthecultur 50 Champions List The 50 C honorees
GOLD MOUF LUTE JUST RELEASED THE NEW LUTE_WEST9 album now that IG is down can't stop black blacks from wanting more music, I'm not right inside powerful
Wale introduces me to wale
All GA sold out VIPS available DREAMVILLE FEST
Dreamville Fest We backkkkk 2 and 3 april Tickets on sale now let's goooooooo
I've been waiting on this Bas liltjay floatingggg The Jackie OUT NOW runnnnn itttt up
Off-season tickets available at 10 in the morning will not be added new shows in the United States, Canada, Europe and shows from the rest of the world will depend on borders and logistics.
Dreamville Fest will be back April 2022 Sign up for a chance to get tickets first
The off-season tour with 21savage and morrayda1 Presale starting tomorrow Tickets on sale on Friday s e e e y o u i n a f e w
Like he or we do it to us or to him or me
Off-season vinyl CDs and merchandise available up to 618
RT benwinston Days like today we love our work: amazed by our amazing team of crew producers, writers and costume accessories teams
RT DocBrownlloyd Thank you for inviting me JKCorden
Very excited about this series Fulwell73 bigboturner x
RT justice4julius ICYMI JK Corden presented Justice for Julius in the last few nights
If you can waste time, look at RT and sign the JuliusJones petition

If you can dedicate the time, I'd love you to see this sign the petition and RT if you can, thank you very much JuliusJones.
This is an open letter brilliantly written from Gareth Southgate to fans before the euros
Oh man, this is so beautiful.
This is absolutely brilliant
Sir-Stevotimothy Impressionist Someone is taking care of you up there to haha God bless guys, let me know when you're ready, I'm here
bongo1986 blackforgeinn ProperWhiskey More than welcome Sir Every day we have people from the UK Just this Saturday he married a large crowd from Leeds at the celebration of a birthday I have family from the UK Not only are we the best and most unique Public House in Ireland, we are also the most welcoming
Enter blackforgeinn and try my tremendously successful Forged Stout More taste less cost It looks absolutely perfect with the world's largest irish whiskey The Black Forge Inn Ireland, the best and most unique Public House Everything was a dream
ChaelSonnen Good Advice
Chaelsonnen Simply place the tripod in the corner of your boxing room and inform your 2 views the promo code for the brightness of the window
Yas can't bait the whale boys without a chance.
Chaelsonnen says the little weird broken hahahahahahaha
RT ProperWhiskey Happy ProperGinger Week for Everyone Pick up a bottle of Proper No Twelve amp a little Ginger Ale to celebrate the right amp Ginger
What photo of an icon Look at the disconnection of the shoulder here in this punch Ali took them absolutely all day Literal Whips Incredible What also quotes A true legend and a true hero of mine Muhammad The Worlds Greatest Ali?
Respect a proper gun fight Congratulations on reaching the Sinead title, a prestigious goal achieved Let's dust it and leave again congratulations cyborg for defending It will be a difficult task for someone to overcome it in this way
I just joined Diamond and for the first time you can invest in FloydMayweatherYou can also get a 25 FREE by signing up Click my link here to create your account and claim that money
RT MayweatherPromo New opponent of December 5 gervontaa will now face Mexico Isaac Cruz at Staples Center Davis Cruz
RT The MoneyTeam Temps are getting cold Shop our collections of youth outerwear for men, women, amp, today, TheMoneyTea
The choice is defined as an act of selecting or making a decision when faced with two or more possibilities that the United States gave us the option of taking the vaccine or not taking the vaccine as time progresses, that choice is gradually being removed from us.
RJ_sports Rolando Romero and Gervonta Davis exchanged vulgar insults on Thursday before their December 5 fight in Los Angeles RJsports
Wishing my boy howiemandel a speedy recovery I need you better so that we can meet and make history Take care of yourself and God bless
RT OddsCheckerus To celebrate our partnership with FloydMayweather for the NFL launch, we are giving away 50 NFL JERSEYS from the winners
Can I hit the stock exchange 100 times in 30 seconds, I'm challenging myself and I will do it on Monday, go vote and earn some money if you're right, VersusGameversusGamePartner?
Making money is what DooddScheckerus can also help you make money with the best odds amplifier options for your bets Click below to learn how to beat the odds and win a pair of signed boxing gloves.
RT MayweatherPromo See you on December 5th LA Davis Romero
The countdown to Christmas is here a look at how GordonRamsaygrr will celebrate
Check out some of the beautiful new dishes at Restaurant Gordon Ramsay GordonRamsaygrr
Usually, when I have two slices of bread, it's for an idiot sandwich, but today at Ramsayin10 I'm making a vegetarian meatball, subYes, Veggie.
What a happy night to see it live UK vote now
Bread Street Kitchen is OPEN in Edinburgh. I can't wait for you to take a look at it GordonRamsaygrr
Christmas is just around the corner, visit to start planning Gx
Start the weekend early with Street Pizza GordonRamsaygrr
Maybe something that could spoil, I'll be seeing SingerFox masked tonight.
That's what you call the perfect side in Heddon Street Kitchen GordonRamsaygrr.
I am very proud of the work I do with MakeaWish and now more excited to share that the Gordon Ramsay North America team is partnering with Make a Wish amp StJude to continue helping children across the United States. I can't wait to start creating memories like this soon, Gx
It's great that LoveLife cries
You heard the man IS THE DAY OF THE SHOW Mira LOVE LIFE season 2 now on hbomax lovelifeonmax
lgbtkendrickk BABYYYY
Whoa
abbsmk rly hates you for making me try myself, why do I let you direct my monsters in my life?
Kendricksiut WHAT
2njenn_ kndricks kndrickskool vonofannewday lolol sorry this innocent spectator watching how these children talk to their grandmother in this app
knxdricks kndrickskool vonofanewday 2nnjenn_ nothing half as bad as the things they tell me in the regular now, so he
itextedbeca annas, the social media manager finally hit annas dead and to please all of you, I've turned off the automatic covers I'll never touch and start saying the best.
kndrickskool vonofanewday 2nnjenn_ lol stopped doing that ten years ago a real day ruiner